welcome to waters world
Jessie waters fireworks flying on
Capitol Hill this week between
conservative commentator Candace Owens
and California Congressman ted Lieu at a
hearing on hate speech the exchange
becoming the most viewed c-span twitter
video for a house hearing ever nearly
6.8 million views watched the whole
thing I don't know miss Owens I'm not
gonna characterize her I'm gonna let her
own words do the talking I'm gonna play
for you the first 30 seconds of a
statement you made about Adolf Hitler
gets poisoned by leaders that actually
want globalism globalism is what I what
I don't want so when you think about
whenever we say nationalism the first
thing people think about in at least in
America is Hitler you know he was a
National Socialist but if Hitler just
wanted to make Germany great and have
things run well okay fine problem is is
that he wanted he had dreams outside of
Germany he wanted to globalize you want
everybody to be German everybody to be
speaking German miss Owens I'm sorry we
just started recording
would you like time to respond to that
yes um I think it's pretty apparent that
mr. lube believes that black people are
stupid and will not pursue the full clip
in its entirety he purposely presented
an extract extracted slip suspend for a
moment it is not proper to refer to
sparingly or to a member of the
committee the witness will not do that
again
witness may continue sure even though I
was called despicable witness may not
refer to remember the committee is
stupid
I didn't refer to him as stupid that's
not what I said that's not what I said
at all you didn't listen to what I said
may I continue please as I said he is
assuming that black people will not go
pursue the full two our clip and he
purposefully extracted he cut off and
you didn't hear the question that was
asked of me he's trying to present as if
I was launching a defense of Hitler in
when in fact the question that was asked
of me was fraternity whether or not I
believed that Hitler was a whether or
not I believed in nationalism and that
nationalism was bad and when I responded
to is that I do not believe that we
should be characterizing Hitler as a
nationalist he was a homicidal
psychopathic maniac that killed his own
people
a nationalist would not kill their own
people that is exactly what I was
referring to in the clip and he
purposely wanted to give you a cut up
similar to what they do to Donald Trump
to create a different narrative that was
unbelievably dishonest and he did not
allow me to respond to it which is
worrisome and to tell you a lot about
where people are today in terms of
trying to drum up narratives by the way
I would like to also add that I work for
Prager University which is run by an
Orthodox Jew on a single Democrat showed
up to the embassy opening in Jerusalem I
sat on a plane for 18 hours to make sure
that I was there I'm deeply offended by
the insinuation of revealing that clip
without the question that was asked of
me Wow here with reaction communications
director for Turning Point USA Candice
Owens first of all candidates
congratulations on the engagements we
are all very happy for you let's see the
ring there's the debut well first of all
nice performance up there on Capitol
Hill I know it could get a little crazy
but everybody tuned in for it and it was
just bananas up there so nice work
getting your point across I do want to
read what you said and then you can
explain I guess how this guy Ted Lou is
taking it out of context you did say if
Hitler just wanted to make Germany great
and have things run well okay fine
the problem is he had dreams outside of
Germany and so everybody's latching on
to that comment what was the context
there oh it was a two-hour discussion
and what we were talking about in
various parts was about globalism and
nationalism and the woman who had asked
me a question basically said nationalism
is now viewed as a very dirty word how
do US Patriots sort of reclaim that word
and when I was responding to her is that
the reason why it's considered a dirty
word is because it's wrongly conflated
with Hitler
Hitler was not in fact a nationalist now
if I had known that this clip was going
to be pulled three months later from
BuzzFeed on a hunt to try to put
something nasty about me I would have
been much clearer in my response but it
was over a two-hour course of a
conversation I was basically just saying
that Hitler was by no means a
nationalist he wasn't focused on just
Germany he was killing his the German
people he was a homicidal maniac
so what ted Lieu did was an incredibly
dirty trick and in my opinion it
undermines not only America the American
people but especially black Americans
that entire hearing was about how
there's a looming threat in black
America right and you made that point
about how you thought that he thought
that black Americans weren't smart
enough to find the full context and the
Chairman Nadler didn't even know what
you said I don't even think he was
paying attention one of the problems is
is that whenever you use Hitler in an
analogy or bring him up as a part of an
argument for argument's sake it always
is then seized upon by political enemies
or people that don't even understand the
context and then it's used against you
so I would never if this is just my
advice I would never bring up Hitler at
all ever in a political context at any
sort of debate because it's never going
to go well so I just don't do it and I
think you'd probably advise oh yeah I
obviously learned this lesson the very
hard way it's probably good advice but
the other side of this though is that it
is it is bizarre now it's one thing when
they try to do this to white people and
try to paint them as white nationalists
I am a black female okay it's very
bizarre paint me as someone who would
support Hitler right so and I agree with
you and now I'll never I'll never
because they're out to get me all the
time I'll be very careful and how I
described things but it does also
showcase the black Americans how
desperate the left has become how
desperate Democrats have become become
when they're trying to smear and libel a
black American woman as someone that
would ever support a homicidal maniac
that murdered six million Jews so in
that way it kind of helps get out what
I'm trying to teach them which is that
Democrats use racism sexism and
anti-semitism as themes to simply go
after their political opponents
they do not care about any of us yeah
it's kind of just gross that ted Lieu
would accuse a black woman of being
racist or a white nationalist it
actually it doesn't even make sense but
I really he's not a really serious
person in my opinion he's he's a strange
person but he's always just trying to
create controversy he's a radical
partisan and and he that was a stunt
that he pulled it was a that was a cheap
stunt that he pulled and he thought it
would work but it didn't work so way to
you know be on your feet when it comes
to that stuff I think you were probably
nice to him I would have been a lot
meaner if he had tried to pull that
stunt on me but Candis
again it's tough out there but but you
know you're right on the front lines so
I think a lot of people on that side
appreciate it and any last words for ted
Lieu yes Lou I just want to know why I
wasn't granted the courtesy of your
party which is hashtag believe women
where did that happen I thought this was
the party that wanted to uplift minority
voices and they were so concerned about
sexism and women I'm a black woman what
happened to the policy of hashtag just
believe women that's what I would say to
Ted it was an act of cowardice it's one
thing to present the video to not allow
me to respond to it shows you that they
are ultimately cowards and they're
fearful because let me tell you
something I'll say this prediction right
now the black vote is cracking we are
getting tired of the victim narrative we
are getting tired of not speaking about
the real issues facing our community and
trying to get us to believe in the
boogeyman the myth that white supremacy
on the rise is something that's keeping
us back all right
Candis Owens there she is the most
watched clip ever on c-span Candis thank
you